---
title: 'Shit, My Co-Founder has Raging ADHD'
draft: false
publishedAt: '2023-08-25'
summary: "Building a startup with an ADHD co-founder can be a rollercoaster ride of blessings and bliss. Here's what happened."
author: 'Xipu Li'
tags:
  - startup
  - learning
  - ADHD
  - founders
---

Raging ADHD
It all began at an AI hackathon in the foggy wonderland of San
Francisco. There I was, clutching my laptop like a lifeline, surrounded
by the techiest bros, and then I met my co-founder. We were kindred
spirits, united by a shared vision of conquering the consumer wellness
space with our AI motivational speech app.

In those initial moments, I thought I'd hit the jackpot. My co-founder
was like a human energy drink, and I was riding that wave of optimism.
It felt like I had found the secret sauce to perpetual motivation.

But, here's the proverbial twist in the plot - that endless enthusiasm?
Well, it started to feel like I was working with a human version of
ChatGPT with a maxed-out temperature that doesn't know how to stop.

He could not stop talking. He could not stop thinking. He could not stop
coming up with new ideas. He could not get shit done.

For our motivation speech app, he kept coming up with new ideas for new
features. He kept coming up with new ideas for the UI. He kept coming up
with new ideas for how we could monetize it. He kept coming up with new
ideas for how we could market it when the app was basically an input
field and a submit button that, upon click, set off an equal amount of
bugs as my co-founder's ideas.

Ideas are vital to a startup, but they're also a dime a dozen. The real
work is in the execution. And that's where my co-founder's brain started
to become a problem. He'd get distracted by the next shiny object, and
I'd be left to pick up the pieces. I'd have to remind him of the tasks
he'd committed to. I'd have to keep him on track. I'd have to be the one
to say no to his new ideas.

It was exhausting. I felt like I was the parent of a toddler.

Working with my co-founder was like being strapped to a rocket ship that
continually veered off course. It was thrilling and terrifying.

## The Pivot to ADHD Productivity

It all made sense when his doctor pronounced him with "raging ADHD". It
was a relief to finally have a name for it, but we were not progressing
with our startups, even though he was still hyped up daily.

We realized that we were just building a "wow" prodcut that doesn't
actually solve any problem.

We had to pivot.

We began focusing not on the average consumer, but on the unique breed
of humans like my co-founder - those blessed with the raging ADHD that
leads to a tornado of ideas.

Doubling down on helping ADHD people focus was probably the best
decision we made. My co-founder announced this new journey on LinkedIn
and found himself overbooked with people who resonate.

Clearly, this was an acute problem.

## No One Gives a Shit about ADHDers

We started researching the market. And holy shit, there're ZERO
productivity tools tailored for ADHDers.

Literally every productivity tool out there was designed to decrease
your productivity. The cluttered UI with bullshit features shouted
B2B, not B2ADHD.

A Google search for ADHD productivity tools gives you a bunch of "5
best..." or "top 10..." low-effort articles that recommend solutions
that were repeatedly marked as "doesn't work" on r/ADHD.

We conducted many user interviews to find that many of them use Excel or
physical paper as alternatives. In 2023!

## Our Answer to ADHD

That's how our product, [Complish](https://complish.ai), was born. I
wouldn't call us a tech company. We are more of a design company that
innovates the interface from scratch.

We want our users to focus on one task at a time and feel rewarded when
completing a task.

This is how existing apps look:

<BlogImg
  src="/images/cofounder-has-raging-adhd/them.png"
  alt="Other productivity apps"
  width={2880}
  height={1800}
  objectFit="contain"
  caption="Them (ClickUp, Asana, Todoist, Google Calendar, Taskade, Sunsama)"
/>

And this is us:

<BlogImg
  src="/images/cofounder-has-raging-adhd/us.png"
  alt="Other productivity apps"
  width={3104}
  height={1810}
  objectFit="contain"
  caption="Us"
/>

We hide away all unnecessary information and only show the task at hand.
We also use heavy animation to trigger that dopamine hit for ADHDers.

It's tailored for the dreamers, the innovators, and yes, the slightly
chaotic minds that see a world full of possibilities. Our goal is to
harness that energy, help them focus, and guide them towards
accomplishing their goals. Because as I've learned, there's a thin line
between chaos and brilliance. And sometimes, you need a little bit of
both to truly innovate.

Ok, if you have ADHD and want to get things done, just try it out. I
will stop writing because your ADHD mind is probably already wandering
off. Here's the link: [Complish](https://complish.ai).

If you are still reading, join our
[Discord](https://discord.gg/HgNyv5Pbzr), where you can make an actual
impact to the world by helping us bring hyperfocus to ADHDers.
